Add how to use timeboost (#1772)
OffchainLabs/arbitrum-docs: arbitrum-docs/build-decentralized-apps/how-to-use-timeboost.mdx

---
title: 'How to use Timeboost'
description: Learn how to use timeboost
author: jose-franco
content_type: how-to
---

Timeboost is a new transaction ordering policy for Arbitrum chains where any participant can bid for the right to access an express lane on the sequencer for faster transaction inclusion.

In this how-to, you'll learn how to bid for the right to use the express lane, how to submit transactions to it, and how to transfer that right to someone else. To learn more about Timeboost, refer to the gentle introduction.

This how-to assumes that you're familiar with:

> - [How Timeboost works](#)

Author: Yeap

- [viem](https://viem.sh/), since the snippets of code present in the how-to use this library

## How to submit bids for the right to be the express lane controller

To use the express lane for faster transaction inclusion, we must win an auction for the right to be the express lane controller for a specific round.

::::info

Remember that, by default, each round lasts 60 seconds, and the auction for a specific round closes 15 seconds before the round starts. These default values can be configured in a chain with the `roundDurationSeconds` and `auctionClosingSeconds` parameters respectively.

::::

Auctions are held in an auction contract, and bids are submitted to an autonomous auctioneer, that also communicates with the contract. Let's take a look at the process of submitting bids and finding out the winner of an auction.

> ### Step 0: pre-requirements

Author: Changed to `Gather required information`. wdyt?

To run the following steps, we'll need this information:

- Address of the auction contract
- Endpoint of the autonomous auctioneer

> ### Step 1: deposit funds into the auction contract

Author: I used this order because if you have enough balance in the contract, you don't need to get the bidding token. So since getting the bidding token and making a deposited are part of the same operation, it makes sense to put them together.

Before bidding on an auction, we need to deposit funds in the auction contract. These funds are deposited in the form of the ERC-20 token used to bid, also known as, the `bidding token`. We will be able to bid for an amount that is equal to or less than the tokens we have deposited in the auction contract.

To see the amount of tokens we have deposited in the auction contract, we can call the function `balanceOf` in the auction contract:

```tsx
const depositedBalance = await publicClient.readContract({
  address: auctionContractAddress,
  abi: auctionContractAbi,
  functionName: 'balanceOf',

>   args: [address],

Author: `balanceOf` is a known method that always receives the address of the account you're getting the balance of. Also, the log below adds to the clarification: `Current balance of ${address} in auction contract: ${depositedBalance}`.
But it's true that other instances in the page might be a bit more confusing. I'll change all ocurrences.

```tsx
const biddingTokenContractAddress = await publicClient.readContract({
  address: auctionContractAddress,
  abi: auctionContractAbi,
  functionName: 'biddingToken',
});
console.log(`biddingToken: ${biddingTokenContractAddress}`);
```

<aside>On Arbitrum One and Arbitrum Nova, the bidding token is WETH.</aside>

Once we know what the bidding token is, we can deposit funds to the auction contract by calling the function `deposit` of the contract, after having it approved as spender of the amount we want to deposit:

```tsx
// Approving spending tokens
const approveHash = await walletClient.writeContract({
  account,
  address: biddingTokenContractAddress,
  abi: parseAbi(['function approve(address,uint256)']),
  functionName: 'approve',
  args: [auctionContract, amountToDeposit],
});
console.log(`Approve transaction sent: ${approveHash}`);

// Making the deposit
const depositHash = await walletClient.writeContract({
  account,
  address: auctionContractAddress,
  abi: auctionContractAbi,
  functionName: 'deposit',
  args: [amountToDeposit],
});
console.log(`Deposit transaction sent: ${depositHash}`);
```

### Step 2: submit bids

> Once we have deposited funds into the auction contract, we can start submitting bids for the current auction round.

Author: Added an admonition about it

        expressLaneController: address,
        auctionContractAddress: auctionContractAddress,
        round: `0x${currentAuctionRound.toString(16)}`,
        amount: `0x${Number(amountToBid).toString(16)}`,
        signature: signature,
      },
    ],
  }),
});
```

The signature that needs to be sent is an Ethereum signature over the bytes encoding of the following information:

- Hash of `keccak256("TIMEBOOST_BID")`
- Chain id in hexadecimal, padded to 32 bytes
- Auction contract address
- Auction round number in hexadecimal, padded to 8 bytes
- Amount to bid in hexadecimal, padded to 32 bytes
- Address of the express lane controller candidate

Here's an example to produce that signature:

```tsx
const currentAuctionRound = currentRound + 1;
const hexChainId: `0x${string}` = `0x${Number(publicClient.chain.id).toString(16)}`;

const signatureData = concat([
  keccak256(toHex('TIMEBOOST_BID')),
  pad(hexChainId),
  auctionContractAddress,
  toHex(numberToBytes(currentAuctionRound, { size: 8 })),
  toHex(numberToBytes(amountToBid, { size: 32 })),
  address,
]);
const signature = await account.signMessage({
  message: { raw: signatureData },
});
```

::::info

> You can also call the function `getBidBytes` in the auction contract to obtain the `signatureData` , specifying the `round`, `amountToBid` and `address`.

Author: Updated to reflect the new contract method

We can use this event to determine whether or not we've won the auction. The event signature is:

```solidity
event SetExpressLaneController(
    uint64 round,
    address indexed previousExpressLaneController,
    address indexed newExpressLaneController,
    address indexed transferor,
    uint64 startTimestamp,
    uint64 endTimestamp
);
```

Here's an example to get the log from the auction contract to determine the new express lane controller:

```tsx
const fromBlock = <any recent block, for example during the auction>
const logs = await publicClient.getLogs({
  address: auctionContractAddress,
  event: auctionContractAbi.filter((abiEntry) => abiEntry.name === 'SetExpressLaneController')[0],
  fromBlock,
});

const newExpressLaneController = logs[0].args.newExpressLaneController;
console.log(`New express lane controller: ${newExpressLaneController}`);
```

> If you won the auction, congratulations! You are the express lane controller for the next round, which, by default, will start 15 seconds after the auction closed. The following section explains how we can submit a transaction to the express lane.

Author: Oh, I didn't know that. Why does it close at 00:49 though? We are saying in other parts of the docs that it closes 15 seconds before the new round starts (and there's the `auctionClosingSeconds` parameter that defaults to 15 iirc.

> If you won the auction, congratulations! You are the express lane controller for the next round, which, by default, will start 15 seconds after the auction closed. The following section explains how we can submit a transaction to the express lane.

Reviewer: Ah okay i think i am wrong here: It closes at 00:00:45 but the auction may be resolved at 00:00:49, for example. Resolving this comment because your original text is correct

> ## How to submit transactions to the express lane

Reviewer: Should this be Step # 4?

Author: Not really. This is a separate process than before. And the rest of the sections following are also different flows.

| Error                         | Description                                                           |
| ----------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `MALFORMED_DATA`              | wrong input data, failed to deserialize, missing certain fields, etc. |
| `WRONG_CHAIN_ID`              | wrong chain id for the target chain                                   |
| `WRONG_SIGNATURE`             | signature failed to verify                                            |
| `BAD_ROUND_NUMBER`            | incorrect round, such as one from the past                            |
| `NOT_EXPRESS_LANE_CONTROLLER` | the sender is not the express lane controller                         |
| `NO_ONCHAIN_CONTROLLER`       | there is no defined, on-chain express lane controller for the round   |

::::info What happens if you're not the express lane controller?

If you are not the express lane controller and you try to submit a transaction to the express lane, the sequencer will respond with the error `NOT_EXPRESS_LANE_CONTROLLER` or `NO_ONCHAIN_CONTROLLER`.

::::

> ## How to transfer the right to use the express lane to someone else

Reviewer: Should this be Step #5 ?

Author: Same as above, these are different flows. Using "Steps" leads to think that they are all part of one process.

If you are the express lane controller, you also have the right to transfer the right to use the express lane to someone else.

To do that, you can call the function `transferExpressLaneController` in the auction contract:

```tsx
const transferELCTransaction = await walletClient.writeContract({
  currentELCAccount,
  address: auctionContractAddress,
  abi: auctionContractAbi,
  functionName: 'transferExpressLaneController',
  args: [currentRound, newELCAddress],
});
console.log(`Transfer EL controller transaction hash: ${transferELCTransaction}`);
```

From that moment, the previous express lane controller will not be able to send new transactions to the express lane.

> ### Setting a transferor account

Author: Added this, let me know what you think:

A transferor is an address that has the right to transfer express lane controller rights on behalf an express lane controller. The reason to include this function (setTransferor) is so the express lane controller has a way to nominate an address that can transfer rights to anyone they see fit, in order to improve the reselling rights user experience.

  account,
  address: auctionContractAddress,
  abi: auctionContractAbi,
  functionName: 'initiateWithdrawal',
});
console.log(`Initiate withdrawal transaction sent: ${initWithdrawalTransaction}`);
```

This transaction will initiate a withdrawal of all funds deposited by the sender account. When executing it, the contract will emit a `WithdrawalInitiated` event, with the following structure:

```solidity
event WithdrawalInitiated(
    address indexed account,
    uint256 withdrawalAmount,
    uint256 roundWithdrawable
);
```

In this event, `account` refers to the address whose funds are being withdrawn, `withdrawalAmount` refers to the amount being withdrawn from the contract, and `roundWithdrawable` refers to the round at which the withdrawal can be finalized.

After two rounds have passed, we can call the method `finalizeWithdrawal` in the auction contract to finalize the withdrawal:

```tsx
const finalizeWithdrawalTransaction = await walletClient.writeContract({
  account,
  address: auctionContractAddress,
  abi: auctionContractAbi,
  functionName: 'finalizeWithdrawal',
});
console.log(`Finalize withdrawal transaction sent: ${finalizeWithdrawalTransaction}`);
```

> ## How to identify timeboosted transactions

Author: Same as above, these are different flows. Using "Steps" leads to think that they are all part of one process.

Transactions that have been sent to the express lane by the express lane controller, and that have been executed (regardless of them being successful or having reverted), can be identified by looking at their receipts, or the message broadcasted by the sequencer feed.

> Transaction receipts include now a new field `timeboosted`, which will be `true` for timeboosted transactions, and `false` for regular non-timeboosted transactions.

Author: Added here: https://arbitrum-docs-git-add-how-to-use-timeboost-offchain-labs.vercel.app/build-decentralized-apps/how-to-use-timeboost#how-to-identify-timeboosted-transactions

| `NO_ONCHAIN_CONTROLLER`       | there is no defined, on-chain express lane controller for the round   |

::::info What happens if you're not the express lane controller?

If you are not the express lane controller and you try to submit a transaction to the express lane, the sequencer will respond with the error `NOT_EXPRESS_LANE_CONTROLLER` or `NO_ONCHAIN_CONTROLLER`.

::::

## How to transfer the right to use the express lane to someone else

If you are the express lane controller, you also have the right to transfer the right to use the express lane to someone else.

To do that, you can call the function `transferExpressLaneController` in the auction contract:

```tsx
const transferELCTransaction = await walletClient.writeContract({
  currentELCAccount,
  address: auctionContractAddress,
  abi: auctionContractAbi,
  functionName: 'transferExpressLaneController',
  args: [currentRound, newELCAddress],
});
console.log(`Transfer EL controller transaction hash: ${transferELCTransaction}`);
```

From that moment, the previous express lane controller will not be able to send new transactions to the express lane.

### Setting a transferor account

> A `transferor` is an address that has the right to transfer express lane controller rights on behalf an express lane controller. The reason to include this function (setTransferor) is so the express lane controller has a way to nominate an address that can transfer rights to anyone they see fit, in order to improve the reselling rights user experience.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A `transferor` is an address that has the right to transfer express lane controller rights on behalf of the express lane controller. This function (`setTransferor`) was added to ensure that the express lane controller has a way of nominating an address that can transfer rights to anyone they see fit, in order to improve the user experience of reselling/transferring the control of the express lane.
```

---
title: 'How to use Timeboost'
description: Learn how to use timeboost
author: jose-franco
content_type: how-to
---

Timeboost is a new transaction ordering policy for Arbitrum chains. With Timeboost, anyone can bid for the right to access an express lane on the sequencer for faster transaction inclusion.

> In this how-to, you'll learn how to bid for the right to use the express lane, how to submit transactions through the express lane, and how to transfer that express lane rights to someone else. To learn more about Timeboost, refer to the [gentle introduction](/how-arbitrum-works/timeboost/gentle-introduction.mdx).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In this how-to, you'll learn how to bid for the right to use the express lane, submit transactions through the express lane, and transfer express lane rights to someone else. To learn more about Timeboost, refer to the [gentle introduction](/how-arbitrum-works/timeboost/gentle-introduction.mdx).
```

This how-to assumes that you're familiar with:

- [How Timeboost works](/how-arbitrum-works/timeboost/gentle-introduction.mdx)
- [viem](https://viem.sh/), since the snippets of code present in the how-to use this library

## How to submit bids for the right to be the express lane controller

To use the express lane for faster transaction inclusion, you must win an auction for the right to be the express lane controller for a specific round.

::::info

> Remember that, by default, each round lasts 60 seconds, and the auction for a specific round closes 15 seconds before the round starts. These default values can be configured on a chain using the `roundDurationSeconds` and `auctionClosingSeconds` parameters, respectively.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Remember that, by default, each round lasts 60 seconds, and the auction for a specific round closes 15 seconds before the round starts. These default values can be configured on a chain using the `roundDurationSeconds` and `auctionClosingSeconds` parameters.
```

::::

> Auctions are held in an auction contract, and bids are submitted to an autonomous auctioneer, that also communicates with the contract. Let's take a look at the process of submitting bids and finding out the winner of an auction.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Auctions are in an auction contract, and bids get submitted to an autonomous auctioneer who communicates with the contract. Let's look at the process of submitting bids and finding out the winner of an auction.
```

Author: I kept `held` here. It seems to me that the sentence is not completed by just saying "Auctions are in an auction contract".

### Step 0: gather required information

Before we begin, make sure you have:

- Address of the auction contract
- Endpoint of the autonomous auctioneer

### Step 1: deposit funds into the auction contract

> Before bidding on an auction, we need to deposit funds in the auction contract. These funds are deposited in the form of the ERC-20 token used to bid, also known as, the `bidding token`. We will be able to bid for an amount that is equal to or less than the tokens we have deposited in the auction contract.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Before bidding on an auction, we need to deposit funds in the auction contract. These deposited funds are the ERC-20 token used to bid, also known as the `bidding token`. We will be able to bid for an amount that is equal to or less than the tokens we have deposited in the auction contract.
```

Author: I'd like to be a bit more explicit with what I'm referring to with "funds", since it can mean different things. I've kept the sentence as it was, but happy to change it to something that keeps my intention

Reviewer 2: Sounds good, author's intent is important, I was strictly tidying

To see the amount of tokens we have deposited in the auction contract, we can call the function `balanceOf` in the auction contract:

```tsx
const depositedBalance = await publicClient.readContract({
  address: auctionContractAddress,
  abi: auctionContractAbi,
  functionName: 'balanceOf',
  args: [userAddress],
});
console.log(`Current balance of ${userAddress} in auction contract: ${depositedBalance}`);
```

If we want to deposit more funds to the auction contract, we first need to know what the bidding token is. To obtain the address of the bidding token, we can call the function `biddingToken` in the auction contract:

```tsx
const biddingTokenContractAddress = await publicClient.readContract({
  address: auctionContractAddress,
  abi: auctionContractAbi,
  functionName: 'biddingToken',
});
console.log(`biddingToken: ${biddingTokenContractAddress}`);
```

<aside>On Arbitrum One and Arbitrum Nova, the bidding token is WETH.</aside>

> Once we know what the bidding token is, we can deposit funds to the auction contract by calling the function `deposit` of the contract, after having it approved as spender of the amount we want to deposit:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Once we know what the bidding token is, we can deposit funds to the auction contract by calling the function `deposit` of the contract after having it approved as spender of the amount we want to deposit:
```

```tsx
// Approving spending tokens
const approveHash = await walletClient.writeContract({
  account,
  address: biddingTokenContractAddress,
  abi: parseAbi(['function approve(address,uint256)']),
  functionName: 'approve',
  args: [auctionContract, amountToDeposit],
});
console.log(`Approve transaction sent: ${approveHash}`);

// Making the deposit
const depositHash = await walletClient.writeContract({
  account,
  address: auctionContractAddress,
  abi: auctionContractAbi,
  functionName: 'deposit',
  args: [amountToDeposit],
});
console.log(`Deposit transaction sent: ${depositHash}`);
```

### Step 2: submit bids

> Once we have deposited funds into the auction contract, we can start submitting bids for the current auction round.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Once we have deposited funds into the auction contract, we can submit bids for the current auction round.
```

We can obtain the current round by calling the function `currentRound` in the auction contract:

```tsx
const currentRound = await publicClient.readContract({
  address: auctionContractAddress,
  abi: auctionContractAbi,
  functionName: 'currentRound',
});
console.log(`Current round: ${currentRound}`);
```

> This is the current round that's running. And, at the same time, the auction for the next round might be open. For example, if `currentRound` is 10, that means that the auction for round 11 is happening right now. To check whether or not that auction is open, we can call the function `isAuctionRoundClosed` of the auction contract:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The above shows the current round that's running. At the same time, the auction for the next round might be open. For example, if the `currentRound` is 10, the auction for round 11 is happening right now. To check whether or not that auction is open, we can call the function `isAuctionRoundClosed` of the auction contract:
```

```tsx
let currentAuctionRoundIsClosed = await publicClient.readContract({
  address: auctionContractAddress,
  abi: auctionContractAbi,
  functionName: 'isAuctionRoundClosed',
});
```

<aside>
  Remember that, by default, auctions for a given round open 60 seconds before that round starts,

>   and close 15 seconds before the round starts, so there might be no auctions opened at certain

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  and close 15 seconds before the round starts so there might be no auctions opened at certain
```

| ----------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `MALFORMED_DATA`        | wrong input data, failed to deserialize, missing certain fields, etc.                                       |
| `NOT_DEPOSITOR`         | the address is not an active depositor in the auction contract                                              |
| `WRONG_CHAIN_ID`        | wrong chain id for the target chain                                                                         |
| `WRONG_SIGNATURE`       | signature failed to verify                                                                                  |
| `BAD_ROUND_NUMBER`      | incorrect round, such as one from the past                                                                  |
| `RESERVE_PRICE_NOT_MET` | bid amount does not meet the minimum required reserve price on-chain                                        |
| `INSUFFICIENT_BALANCE`  | the bid amount specified in the request is higher than the deposit balance of the depositor in the contract |

### Step 3: find out the winner of the auction

> After the auction closes, and before the round starts, the autonomous auctioneer will call the auction contract with the two highest bids received, so the contract can declare the winner and subtract the second-highest bid from the winner's deposited funds. After this, the contract will emit an event with the new express lane controller address.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
After the auction closes, and before the round starts the autonomous auctioneer will call the auction contract with the two highest bids received so the contract can declare the winner and subtract the second-highest bid from the winner's deposited funds. After this, the contract will emit an event with the new express lane controller address.
```

Reviewer 2: it works either way, comma usage is so widely varied that I won't push too hard in this instance

We can use this event to determine whether or not we've won the auction. The event signature is:

```solidity
event SetExpressLaneController(
    uint64 round,
    address indexed previousExpressLaneController,
    address indexed newExpressLaneController,
    address indexed transferor,
    uint64 startTimestamp,
    uint64 endTimestamp
);
```

Here's an example to get the log from the auction contract to determine the new express lane controller:

```tsx
const fromBlock = <any recent block, for example during the auction>
const logs = await publicClient.getLogs({
  address: auctionContractAddress,
  event: auctionContractAbi.filter((abiEntry) => abiEntry.name === 'SetExpressLaneController')[0],
  fromBlock,
});

const newExpressLaneController = logs[0].args.newExpressLaneController;
console.log(`New express lane controller: ${newExpressLaneController}`);
```

If you won the auction, congratulations! You are the express lane controller for the next round, which, by default, will start 15 seconds after the auction closed. The following section explains how we can submit a transaction to the express lane.

## How to submit transactions to the express lane

> Transactions that are sent to the express lane are immediately sequenced by the sequencer, while regular transactions are delayed 200ms by default. However, only the express lane controller can send transactions to the express lane. The previous section explained how to participate in the auction to be the express lane controller for a given round.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The sequencer immediately sequences transactions sent to the express lane, while regular transactions are delayed 200ms by default. However, only the express lane controller can send transactions to the express lane. The previous section explained how to participate in the auction as the express lane controller for a given round.
```

The express lane is handled by the sequencer, so transactions are sent to the sequencer endpoint. We need to send a `timeboost_sendExpressLaneTransaction` request with the following information:

- chain id
- current round (following the example above, `currentRound`)
- address of the auction contract
- sequence number: a per-round nonce of express lane submissions, which is reset to 0 at the beginning of each round
- RLP encoded transaction payload
- conditional options for Arbitrum transactions ([more information](https://github.com/OffchainLabs/go-ethereum/blob/48de2030c7a6fa8689bc0a0212ebca2a0c73e3ad/arbitrum_types/txoptions.go#L71))
- signature (explained below)

::::info Timeboost-ing third party transactions

> Notice that, while the express lane controller needs to sign the `timeboost_sendExpressLaneTransaction` request, the actual transaction to be executed can be signed by any party. In other words, the express lane controller can receive transactions signed by other parties and sign them to apply the time advantage offered by the express lane to those transactions.

Author: The second bit of the correction might lead to some misconceptions, so I prefer to be a bit more clear with it. For context, what's happening here is that the express lane controller (ELC) will sign and send the request to the sequencer, but within that request there's a transaction signed by whoever wishes their transaction to be sent through the express lane (might be the ELC or a third party). That signer must collaborate with the ELC though, since the ELC is the one sending the transaction to the sequencer.

I'm not completely happy with my description either, but the correction might lead to thinking that anyone (regardless of them collaborating with the ELC) can sign the transaction.

I'll keep the original text (with your first correction), but happy to hear other alternatives:

`Notice that while the express lane controller must sign the `timeboost_sendExpressLaneTransaction` request, the actual transaction to be executed can be signed by any party. In other words, the express lane controller can receive transactions signed by other parties and sign them to apply the time advantage offered by the express lane to those transactions.`

> Notice that, while the express lane controller needs to sign the `timeboost_sendExpressLaneTransaction` request, the actual transaction to be executed can be signed by any party. In other words, the express lane controller can receive transactions signed by other parties and sign them to apply the time advantage offered by the express lane to those transactions.

Reviewer 2: I'm happy with this, the second part feels a little out of sorts to me, but it is still clear what is expected to be done, I like the compromise 👍

| `NO_ONCHAIN_CONTROLLER`       | there is no defined, on-chain express lane controller for the round   |

::::info What happens if you're not the express lane controller?

If you are not the express lane controller and you try to submit a transaction to the express lane, the sequencer will respond with the error `NOT_EXPRESS_LANE_CONTROLLER` or `NO_ONCHAIN_CONTROLLER`.

::::

## How to transfer the right to use the express lane to someone else

If you are the express lane controller, you also have the right to transfer the right to use the express lane to someone else.

To do that, you can call the function `transferExpressLaneController` in the auction contract:

```tsx
const transferELCTransaction = await walletClient.writeContract({
  currentELCAccount,
  address: auctionContractAddress,
  abi: auctionContractAbi,
  functionName: 'transferExpressLaneController',
  args: [currentRound, newELCAddress],
});
console.log(`Transfer EL controller transaction hash: ${transferELCTransaction}`);
```

From that moment, the previous express lane controller will not be able to send new transactions to the express lane.

### Setting a transferor account

> A `transferor` is an address that has the right to transfer express lane controller rights on behalf of the express lane controller. This function (`setTransferor`) was added to ensure that the express lane controller has a way of nominating an address that can transfer rights to anyone they see fit, in order to improve the user experience of reselling/transferring the control of the express lane.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A `transferor` is an address with the right to transfer express lane controller rights on behalf of the express lane controller. This function (`setTransferor`) ensures that the express lane controller has a way of nominating an address that can transfer rights to anyone they see fit to improve the user experience of reselling/transferring the control of the express lane.
```

> We can set a transferor for our account using the auction contract. Additionally, we can choose to fix that transferor account until a specific round, to guarantee to other parties that we will not change the transferor until the specified round finishes.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We can set a transferor for our account using the auction contract. Additionally, we can fix that transferor account until a specific round to guarantee other parties that we will not change the transferor until the specified round finishes.
```

To set a transferor, we can call the function `setTransferor` in the auction contract:

```tsx
// Fixing the transferor for 10 rounds
const fixedUntilRound = currentRound + 10n;

const setTransferorTransaction = await walletClient.writeContract({
  currentELCAccount,
  address: auctionContractAddress,
  abi: auctionContractAbi,
  functionName: 'setTransferor',
  args: [
    {
      addr: transferorAddress,
      fixedUntilRound: fixedUntilRound,
    },
  ],
});
console.log(`Set transferor transaction hash: ${setTransferorTransaction}`);
```

From that moment on (until the transferor is changed or disabled), the transferor will be able to call `transferExpressLaneController` while the express lane controller is `currentELCAccount` to transfer the rights to use the express lane to a different account.

## How to withdraw funds deposited in the auction contract

> Funds are deposited in the auction contract to have the right the bid in auctions. These funds can be withdrawn through a two-step process: initiate withdrawal, wait for two rounds, finalize withdrawal.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Funds are deposited in the auction contract to have the right to bid in auctions. Withdrawing funds is possible through two steps: initiate withdrawal, wait for two rounds, and finalize withdrawal.
```

  abi: auctionContractAbi,
  functionName: 'initiateWithdrawal',
});
console.log(`Initiate withdrawal transaction sent: ${initWithdrawalTransaction}`);
```

This transaction will initiate a withdrawal of all funds deposited by the sender account. When executing it, the contract will emit a `WithdrawalInitiated` event, with the following structure:

```solidity
event WithdrawalInitiated(
    address indexed account,
    uint256 withdrawalAmount,
    uint256 roundWithdrawable
);
```

In this event, `account` refers to the address whose funds are being withdrawn, `withdrawalAmount` refers to the amount being withdrawn from the contract, and `roundWithdrawable` refers to the round at which the withdrawal can be finalized.

After two rounds have passed, we can call the method `finalizeWithdrawal` in the auction contract to finalize the withdrawal:

```tsx
const finalizeWithdrawalTransaction = await walletClient.writeContract({
  account,
  address: auctionContractAddress,
  abi: auctionContractAbi,
  functionName: 'finalizeWithdrawal',
});
console.log(`Finalize withdrawal transaction sent: ${finalizeWithdrawalTransaction}`);
```

## How to identify timeboosted transactions

> Transactions that have been sent to the express lane by the express lane controller, and that have been executed (regardless of them being successful or having reverted), can be identified by looking at their receipts, or the message broadcasted by the sequencer feed.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Transactions sent to the express lane by the express lane controller and that have been executed (regardless of them being successful or having reverted) can be identified by looking at their receipts or the message broadcasted by the sequencer feed.
```
